## Create a package.json file using npm init

**Important:** Before running the following command, navigate to your project folder:

```bash
cd path/to/your/project
npm init
```

1. **Give a name to the package:**

   - Enter a name for your package when prompted. For example:
     ```bash
     Name: my-package
     ```

2. **Add a description of the package if required:**

   - Optionally, provide a description for your package when prompted. For example:
     ```bash
     Description: A simple package for demonstration purposes.
     ```

3. **Enter your name in the author field if desired:**

   - Optionally, add your name to the author field when prompted. For example:
     ```bash
     Author: Your Name
     ```

4. **Leave the rest as it is by simply pressing Enter:**

   - Skip any other optional fields by pressing Enter if you don't want to provide additional information.

5. **Type 'yes' at the end to finish the package.json creation:**

   - When prompted to confirm and finish the creation of the `package.json` file, type 'yes' and press Enter:

     ```bash
     Is this OK? (yes)
     ```

   - Type 'yes' and press Enter to complete the initialization.

Once you follow these steps, your `package.json` file will be created with the specified information.

## Installing the Sass Package

Before running the following command, make sure you are in your project folder:

```bash
cd path/to/your/project
npm install node-sass --save-dev
```

This installs the Sass package as a development tool (`devDependency`). If you use only `--save`, it indicates a dependency required for the project. In this case, we use `--save-dev` to specify that it's a development tool rather than a necessary project dependency.
